README.md, before:

# My music record sources
In this repository you can find some of my music (if you can call it so) records.

# Rendered music
You can find rendered music in MP3 on [my SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/skobkin) and [Downloads](https://bitbucket.org/skobkin/music/downloads/) page of this repository.

# Requirements
Common requirements list (does not cover all records):

* [Reaper](https://www.reaper.fm/) (DAW)
* [Guitar Rig 5](https://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/guitar/guitar-rig-5-pro/) (Guitar FX and Cabinet simulator)
* [Kontakt 5](https://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/samplers/kontakt-5/) (VSTi sampler for drums and other instruments)
* [Studio Drummer](https://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/drums/studio-drummer/) (Kontakt 5 drums library)
* [Cherry Electric Bass](https://www.orangetreesamples.com/products/cherry-electric-bass) (Kontakt 5 bass guitar library)
* other Kontakt 5 libraries (per project basis)
* [Waves CLA](https://www.waves.com/bundles/chris-lord-alge-signature-series) (Plugins for guitar, vocals and other instruments mixing)

Commit message:

README.md updated. LICENSE added.

README.md, after:

# My music record sources
In this repository you can find some of my music (if you can call it so) records.

# License
[![Creative Commons BY 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by/4.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
All my records are covered by CC-BY license except those which are not writen by me.

# Rendered music
You can find rendered music in MP3 on [my SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/skobkin) and [Downloads](https://bitbucket.org/skobkin/music/downloads/) page of this repository.

# Requirements
Common requirements list (does not cover all records):

* [Reaper](https://www.reaper.fm/) (DAW)
* [Guitar Rig 5](https://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/guitar/guitar-rig-5-pro/) (Guitar FX and Cabinet simulator)
* [Kontakt 5](https://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/samplers/kontakt-5/) (VSTi sampler for drums and other instruments)
* [Studio Drummer](https://www.native-instruments.com/en/products/komplete/drums/studio-drummer/) (Kontakt 5 drums library)
* [Cherry Electric Bass](https://www.orangetreesamples.com/products/cherry-electric-bass) (Kontakt 5 bass guitar library)
* other Kontakt 5 libraries (per project basis)
* [Waves CLA](https://www.waves.com/bundles/chris-lord-alge-signature-series) (Plugins for guitar, vocals and other instruments mixing)
